Update TiCDC `cdc server` command-line parameters (#8109)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/deploy-ticdc.md

- `data-dir`: Specifies the directory that TiCDC uses when it needs to use disks to store files. Unified Sorter uses this directory to store temporary files. It is recommend to ensure that the free disk space is greater than or equal to 500 GiB. For more details, see [Unified Sorter](/ticdc/manage-ticdc.md#unified-sorter). If you are using TiUP, you can configure `data_dir` in the `cdc_servers` section, or directly use the default `data_dir` path in `global`.
- `gc-ttl`: The TTL (Time To Live) of the service level `GC safepoint` in PD set by TiCDC, and the duration that the replication task can suspend, in seconds. The default value is `86400`, which means 24 hours. Note: Suspending of the TiCDC replication task affects the progress of TiCDC GC safepoint, which means that it affects the progress of upstream TiDB GC, as detailed in [Complete Behavior of TiCDC GC safepoint](/ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md#what-is-the-complete-behavior-of-ticdc-garbage-collection-gc-safepoint).
- `log-file`: The log file path when the TiCDC process is running. If not specified, the log will be written to the standard output.

> - `log-level`: The log level when the TiCDC process is running. The default is `"info"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `log-level`: The log level when the TiCDC process is running, which defaults to `"info"`.
```
```suggestion
- `log-level`: The log level when the TiCDC process is running. The default is `"info"`.
```

> - `log-level`: The log level when the TiCDC process is running. The default is `"info"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `log-level`: The log level when the TiCDC process is running. The default value is `"info"`.
```
